# subview.xyz

## **Project Description**

Subview is blockchain explorer for inspecting and analyzing EVM Chains. Subview provides a comprehensive, easy-to-use interface for users to view, confirm, and inspect transactions on EVM (Ethereum Virtual Machine).

### **Why is this project is good for the Darwinia ecosystem:**

1. Darwinia Smart Chain currently does not have a specific Darwinia Smart Chain block explorer. For developers, will encounter obstacles when using the Darwinia network, especially when developers develop a Dapp. Subview can provide detailed block information and transaction information，developers can read and verify Solidity smart contracts and access pre-existing contracts to fast-track development.

2. For users, Subview support for ERC20 and ERC721 tokens, you can easily view your asset statistics, transaction history, and gas fee usage, contract method calls and logs are decoded to provide additional information directly from the UI.

### **How you will integrate this project into Darwinia:**

Subview will deploy a Darwinia Network based explorer instance, which will scan past blocks and complete all block statistics. Once the scan is complete, Darwinia users visit the subview to query the blockchain data they need.

### **Team**

- Shell ( Front-end Engineer )
- Eason ( DB Engineer )

### **Legal Structure**

Currently Subview has no defined legal structure other then a Dapp created by Subview team.

## **Team Code Repos**

The version is not open source.

## **Collaborative Grant Proposal and Current Development**

### **Proposal**

Subview provides a comprehensive, easy-to-use interface for users to view, confirm, and inspect transactions on EVM (Ethereum Virtual Machine).

Subview will provide the following to Darwinia community:

- darwinia.subview.xyz provides user access to Darwinia Smart Chain statistics
- Allow other projects like Evolution Land, snowswap, subswap, metamask to use darwinia.subview.xyz as block explorer.

## **Subview 1.0**

The version of Subview is what is applying for Darwinia grant program ( [Subview for Darwinia Network](https://darwinia.subview.xyz )
), and the delivery scope has:

- Block: Provide detailed information about each block.

- Transaction: Provides analysis of transactions.

- Smart contract interaction: Users can read and verify Solidity smart contracts and access pre-existing contracts to fast-track development. 

- Token support: Support for ERC20 and ERC721 tokens.

- Decoded views: Contract method calls and logs are decoded to provide additional information directly from the UI.

## **Colabriation Funding**

Total funding amount: 2,500 USDT. Allow half RING, half USDT.

The half is paid in RING to the value of $1,250 USD. The ratio of RING to determined by average rate of the prior week, set by the time of accepting the pull request. Price ratio to be generated by coinmarket.com or coingecko.com - if a automatited 7 day average is obtainable. The 7 day high + 7 day low / 2 is also acceptable - allowing for 8 points behind the decimal at each 7 day price point.


The payment date: When the PR is merged and darwinia.subview.xyz start service for Darwinia Network.

Darwinia Network Address (RING): 5HVmAxfakqty9prcZqh77DH7pgBW7QJgvMBcXfCZxjCP6gSC
TRON Network Address (USDT): TZCX7Q99n7Cb1qLj8Vg88xonb9nqi1uJmo


## **Additional Information**

Link - https://darwinia.subview.xyz/

### **What work has been done so far?**

- Subview 1.0 - It has been launched to provide data services to the Darwinia community.

### **Are there any teams who have already contributed (financially) to the project?**

No.

### **Are there any other projects similar to yours? If so, how is your project different?**

Subscan.

Diff: Subview focuses on inspecting and analyzing EVM Chains, Subscan focuses on substrate chain.

### **Competition**

More blockchains are developed based on EVM, subview can easily deploy multiple instances and quickly provides a comprehensive, easy-to-use interface to their communities.