---
applicant: Itering
type: Research, Development and Technical Assistance
timeline: 2025-Q1
costs: 18,000 USDC
payment: 0x0678E7cB36D3b9A591dF7E42CA23074aF977C52B (Arbitrum One)
---

## Team

### Core Members

- [Bear Wang](https://github.com/boundless-forest)
- [Denny Wang](https://github.com/hackfisher)
- [Echo Hu](https://github.com/hujw77)
- [Guantong Ji](https://github.com/jiguantong)
- [Xavier Lau](https://github.com/AurevoirXavier)
- Itering Audit Team

### Contact

- Contact name: Xavier Lau
- Contact email: xavier.lau@itering.io

### Legal Structure

- Name: ITERING TECH PTE. LTD

## Scope​

### Overview

This proposal seeks funding to continue research, development, and technical assistance for several key components of the RingDAO ecosystem, including Darwinia Chain, Msgport, XAPI, and RingDAO.

By securing this funding, our team will ensure the continuous growth and long-term stability of the RingDAO ecosystem, improving the security of its runtime, enhancing cross-chain messaging capabilities, and providing governance and technical support for community-driven initiatives.
​
### General​
​
- **Technical Assistance**
  - Provide ongoing technical support to ensure the smooth operation of key components in the RingDAO ecosystem.
  - Conduct regular **security audits** to identify and fix vulnerabilities.
    - Audit reports are available at [this](https://github.com/itering/internal-security-audit) repository.

### Darwinia Chain

- **Development**
  - **Runtime Development**: Enhance and maintain the runtime environment to ensure optimal performance and security.
  - **Node Development**: Regular improvements to Darwinia's core node infrastructure, ensuring scalability and stability.
  - **DApps Development**: Support and develop decentralized applications that run on Darwinia.

- **Maintenance**
  - **[GitHub](https://github.com/darwinia-network) Management**: Oversee issue tracking, release management, and dependency updates, including Polkadot-SDK, Frontier, and Moonbeam.
  - **Runtime Maintenance**:
    - Conduct **performance benchmarks** to monitor and improve runtime efficiency.
    - Execute **integration tests** to ensure compatibility with Polkadot and other key dependencies.
    - **On-chain runtime upgrades** to introduce new features and improvements.
  - **Node Maintenance**:
    - Perform **performance assessments** and implement optimizations.
    - **Monitor stability** and make necessary enhancements.
  - **Live Network Maintenance**:
    - **Darwinia**: Biweekly reviews of governance proposals.
    - **Crab**: Biweekly reviews of governance proposals.
    - **Koi**: Provide technical support for governance or other network-specific issues.

- **Technical Assistance**
  - Provide **Coretime**, *runtime upgrades* assistance and critical operations.
  - Offer **emergency on-chain issue support**, ensuring quick resolution of network issues.
  - Assist with [**Darwinia Improvement Proposals (DIP)**](https://github.com/darwinia-network/dips).
  - Provide expertise on **Ethereum/EVM compatibility**.
  - Offer support for **Cross-Consensus Message (XCM)** integration, troubleshooting, and technical challenges.
  - Support for **governance proposals** and related technical work.
  - Provide additional community support, including assistance with **Darwinia1 migration**.

### Msgport

- **Technical Assistance**
  - Assist in the **integration and configuration** of Msgport for new network environments.
  - Troubleshoot and resolve any issues related to **cross-chain message delivery**.

- **Maintenance**
  - **Relayer Node Maintenance**: Ensure the stability and performance of nodes that handle **Oracle Relayer Messaging Protocol (ORMP)** message relaying.
  - **ORMP Indexer Maintenance**: Manage indexing operations for ORMP messages to ensure data accessibility.
  - **Message Monitor**: Oversee message flow and monitor system health to ensure stable ORMP message processing.
  - **MsgScan**: Ensure accurate tracking and logging of messages using the MsgScan tool.
  - **MsgportAPI**: Maintain and improve the Msgport API for estimating message fees and building transaction parameters.

### XAPI

- **Development**
  - **Smart Contracts**:
    - **Aggregator Contract**: Aggregate incoming reports and publish aggregated results on-chain.
    - **Staking Contract**: Manage token staking mechanisms to ensure data integrity and incentivize honest reporting.
    - **XAPI Contract**: Handle and respond to off-chain data requests on the target chain.
  - **Offchain Nodes**:
    - **Reporter Node**: Collect and report data to the aggregator contract.
    - **Publisher Node**: Publish aggregated data results on the target chain.

### RingDAO

- **Development**
  - Conduct **Aragon DAO tests** to ensure the robustness of the governance framework.

- **Technical Assistance**
  - Provide technical support for **governance proposals** and community-driven initiatives around RingDAO.
